# Habit Tracker
- Fixed Bed::1
- Morning Skincare::1
- Morning Brush Teeth::1
- Breakfast::0
- Study::0
- Read::0
- Gym::0
- Drink Water::1
- Lunch::1
- Snacks::1
- Dinner::1
- Shower::1
- Night Skincare::1
- Night Brush Teeth::1

# Day Satisfaction
- 1 ::
- 2 ::
- 3 ::
- 4::1
- 5::

# To-Do List
- Go to Work
- Buy Ginger Ale
# Journal
I learned how to play Catan today. It's actually really fun after you learn it. I played with Marvin, Chelsea and Baby, and had a great time. We also played a little bit of Codenames after. We had a great time, and Baby still wants to play games, but we have church in the morning so I can't stay up any longer. It's already almost 1 am now. Marvin and I used our saved Amazon gift cards to buy the 6th edition of Catan, so we'll probably try to find a time where we can all play together.

Work was really busy when I got there. This was my first short shift in a while, which I really needed. I was just in women's the whole time and I was lowkey smurfing. I ran everything so fast, and I think that might've been my nicest clean as well. Very proud of that close. We also had a potluck earlier. I was on team green, so I brought some ginger ale. Not too much food there, so I just had a few snacks for dinner. Abi also complimented my cologne earlier. :) We were voting for the H&M yearbook as well. I voted for my GOAT Soren as our class clown and best dressed, but I feel like I have a good chance to win best runner or garment caring. I know I'm good, but I'm sure most people are just gonna be voting for their friends so we'll see.

Marlon and Nikko came by work earlier as well and said hi. It was nice catching up with them, and they say they miss having me in the group, but I'm content with how it is right now. I really need to focus on my studies this year. I keep getting further and further behind, and at this rate, Marvin is gonna graduate before me. It's embarrassing, but it feels inevitable now. I don't really know how I'm gonna get it done, but I'm gonna focus on getting good grades this year, and pay off the tuition right away, so when summer comes, I'll apply for student loans, and maybe use that to help with my credit card. I'll just try to do as many classes as possible, and study hard.

I was doing some research and I only got more confused on what kind of skin type I have. My face feels tight and dry when I did a test to see what kind of skin type I have, but when I used my moisturizer, my face started to feel even tighter and get hot. I'm gonna keep doing my research, but I'm probably gonna try to minimize what I'm putting on my face for at least the next week.