# Habit Tracker
- Fixed Bed::1
- Morning Skincare::1
- Morning Brush Teeth::1
- Breakfast::0
- Study::0
- Read::0
- Gym::0
- Drink Water::1
- Lunch::1
- Snacks::0
- Dinner::1
- Shower::1
- Night Skincare::1
- Night Brush Teeth::1

# Day Satisfaction
- 1 ::
- 2 ::
- 3 ::1
- 4::
- 5::

# To-Do List
- Pick up new eyeglasses
- Use 50% Off

# Journal
Super tiring day today. Baby and I left early to go to Uniway Regent. We ended up getting a Thinkpad L14. The guy at the store recommended that one instead, and looking at Reddit and the specs, it looked suitable for her, especially since she's gonna be on Windows 11. I was impressed by the really quick boot time, and I know the laptop itself is much faster. There were talks of worse build quality, but feeling it in person, I didn't really feel much of a difference between it and my T480. It did cost me $350 for the 16GB RAM model, which kind of hurt a bit, but it's worth it for her birthday. 

We went around to a few more places after that. First Kildonan Place to buy the t-shirt I really wanted from H&M. Trying it on, I was even more impressed by the feel and fit of it. We saw Nicole working in the fitting room as well when we went to go try stuff on. After that, we went to the Costco next to the mall. The white employees were staring at us and giving us a side-eye a few times, which pissed me off a bit, but we ended up getting Baby her protein shakes and bought some food as well. Another $40 gone.

Next stop was Polo Park. We used my 50% after trying a few things on. I got 2 new cardigans, grey and brown, and some new relaxed fit dress pants, black and taupe. With Baby's stuff it cost about $200, so my grand total for the day was about $600. I got $900 for my paycheque,  so that was pretty much all of it gone now. On the first day of payday too. I guess I'm just gonna have to make it last the next 2 weeks somehow. School is starting this Wednesday, and we're still gonna get Korean BBQ on Tuesday after going to U of M, so we'll see how it goes. I don't really know how I'm gonna pay my tuition at all though. I'm still getting a bunch of closing shifts at least, and I have a lot of spare time between classes, so hopefully I'll have enough time to study and work. I'll bring food from home, and we have a UPass, so I should be able to pay it off, hopefully.

At work earlier, I had a pretty good Women's close, but Baby was closing Men's with Oneil. He ended up leaving her during close when everything was pretty messy. Apparently, Baby said for him to go since he was pretty insistent that they were done. I didn't really know that until after I confronted him and talked to Soren about it. I was under the impression that he just left, but I know how Baby is, so it makes sense that she would tell him to go. I ended up going through all of Men's after, and even did Baby and Cash Point. I was very sweaty and tired after work, but I'm trying to stay consistent, so right after I finish writing about this I'm gonna shower, brush my teeth and do skincare. I even forgot I also just got my glasses earlier. I had them adjusted so they were a little tighter, but they did feel a little loose while I was wearing them during close. I'm not sure if I'm fine with the fitting right now, so I'll feel it out for a bit before getting it readjusted.