# Habit Tracker
- Fixed Bed::1
- Morning Skincare::1
- Morning Brush Teeth::1
- Breakfast::0
- Study::0
- Read::1
- Gym::0
- Drink Water::1
- Lunch::1
- Snacks::1
- Dinner::1
- Shower::1
- Night Skincare::1
- Night Brush Teeth::1

# Day Satisfaction
- 1 ::
- 2 ::
- 3 ::
- 4::1
- 5::

# To-Do List
- Configure Obsidian
- Go to work

# Journal
Decent day today. Nothing exciting happened at all. I went with Baby in the morning because I didn't really want to bus in the morning so I ended up showing up 3 hours early. I tried to configure my Obsidian while I was there, and I got some work done, but I think I might need some help to get my to-do list up and running. I want it to be easier like with notion, but at the current moment, I don't know how to do that with Obsidian. I'm gonna be working for the next few days so I don't really know how much free time I'll have to actually try to configure everything, especially since I'm gonna be closing, but I really want to get this set up before school starts, so I'll power through!!

I got a new fragrance; Versace Pour Homme. Baby got it for me as a "late birthday gift". LOL. I feel bad that she got me that, but I am getting her a laptop for her birthday. I'm still stressing how to pay for my tuition after all these things I'm spending my money on for the next few weeks, but I'll try to manage. I can't let anyone know how much I'm struggling.

I'm adding lots of K-Pop to my playlists right now. I absolutely love Twice, and I'm really enjoying Stray Kids and BabyMonster. Katseye will still be my favourite group, even if they're not a Korean group. Their vibe just matches mine so much.

I've been listening to audio books to help with my reading slump. I realized that I'm always listening to music or podcasts, so why not try with audio books. I'm getting through Powerless by Nora Roberts, and so far it's giving Throne of Glass vibes, but a lot more flirty. It feels a little forced, but I'm still enjoying the story so I'm gonna see how it goes for now.