# Habit Tracker
- Fixed Bed::1
- Morning Skincare::1
- Morning Brush Teeth::1
- Breakfast::0
- Study::0
- Read::0
- Gym::0
- Drink Water::1
- Lunch::1
- Snacks::0
- Dinner::1
- Shower::1
- Night Skincare::1
- Night Brush Teeth::1

# Day Satisfaction
- 1 ::
- 2 ::
- 3 ::
- 4::1
- 5::

# To-Do List
- Go to U of M
- Find Classes
- Find Space to Study Between Classes
- Get Baby's ID
- Get UPass
- Korean BBQ
- LISTEN TO KPOP
# Journal
We went to school in the morning to get Baby's Student ID made, and to get our UPasses. We decided to just park on campus this time, but we'll be doing park and ride for the rest of the semester since parking is really expensive. We were looking at the Clarence Station or the Seal Station as our choices for the park and ride. We'll probably check both tomorrow to see which one is less busy so we can park there consistently. If anything we can always just leave a little earlier. We also checked out all of our classes, Baby has to do a lot of walking, meanwhile mine's all in the Arts area; Fletcher, Tier, and Isbister.

After we finished at the University, we met up with Marvin and Chelsea at Polo Park and ate a little bit. They shared a Kimchi Fried Rice, while Baby and I had a hotdog and a snack size poutine.  Once we finished, we went around the mall for a little bit. We went to the same stores, but we weren't really shopping together. Baby found some nice clothes at Aritzia and Zara, but we chose not to get them for now, because school is really expensive. I really like the sweaters in Zara, but they were $55 each, so I chose to pass on them for now as well. I did find a nice sweater that was pretty similar in feel for $20 at Winners, so I decided to pick that one up. 

We left a little late to go to the Korean BBQ, and there was traffic and construction on literally every road we went on. We were barely moving, and I was driving with both a headache and an empty stomach, so I was very cranky until we started eating 30 minutes late to our reservation. 

When I got home, Marvin and I played a fun game of 1 on 1 Catan. I'm really, really liking the game so far, and we've made plans to play them on the weekends when we're not that busy. Hopefully, we can maybe recruit more players, like Chelsea and Baby to come on those days, and if maybe Mom or Kuya Mart wanted to join as well, we could maybe even get the expansion pack. I was surprised since the estimated arrival date was supposed to be at the end of this week, but I'm not complaining that arrived a few days early with my new phone case and privacy screen protector, which look really, really good as well. It's honestly making me want to stick with my old phone a little longer, at least until after I paid off my tuition.