# Habit Tracker
- Fixed Bed::1
- Morning Skincare::1
- Morning Brush Teeth::1
- Breakfast::0
- Study::1
- Read::1
- Gym::0
- Drink Water::1
- Lunch::1
- Snacks::1
- Dinner::1
- Shower::1
- Night Skincare::1
- Night Brush Teeth::1

# Day Satisfaction
- 1 ::
- 2 ::
- 3 ::
- 4::1
- 5::

# To-Do List
- Stats Lecture
- Data Science Math Lecture
- Work @ 6pm
# Journal
Day 2 of classes, it was alright. I had 2 classes back to back in the same room. I had statistics first, and the professor for the class, Andrew Morris, is really good. He had my attention the whole time, and he speaks very clearly. I think I'm gonna like him as a professor. He had us talk to our peers at the end of class. I talked to a girl named Pristine, and we exchanged Instagrams. It's good to know that I at least know somebody in the class now. I stayed and waited in the room between classes. It's very convenient for me to not have to walk anywhere in between. My next class was for Mathematics for Data Science. This professor, Julien Arino, is different from Dr Morris. He's definitely from somewhere in Europe, my guess is France from his accent, but I still like him either way. I found some parts of the class a little boring, since it was just the syllabus, but he also has a sense of humour and he's even a Linux user. I talked to him after class, since we are expected to use RStudio during class. I asked if there was gonna be more pains since we're using Linux, but he said I would just need to compile things manually, which isn't too bad since I've done that when I was coding before.

After class, I had to wait for Baby, so I stayed in Asper and just read a little bit of the textbook for my Philosophy class. It's all about arguments, and I feel like a lot of it was pretty much common sense, like how to find an argument, or what an argument was, but right now it's just the basics, so I'm assuming it's gonna get more complicated later on. 

We went to Marshalls after so Baby could buy a new bag. The one she had was uncomfortable for her and also not big enough, so we got her a new one. She stayed at work to study, while I had a shift. I finished in Women's pretty fast, but the rest weren't was quick again, even when I helped run and clean in the other departments, and finished Baby by myself as well, but what can you do. I'm closing with Baby in Women's tomorrow, so let's hope everything goes well for us.